this is problem number 4 and it asks us
to find f prime of 1 4th and we're given
that FX is equal to the inverse tangent
of 4x so this is another formula that
you need to remember and it's the
inventor inverse tangent formula when
you're taking the derivative so that
formula is that the / DX of the inverse
tangent
of x
is equal to 1 over 1 plus x squared okay
so here f prime of x will be equal to 1
over 1 plus 4 X quantity squared but
remember we have to multiply by the
derivative of the inside which is going
to just be 4 so that gives us 14 excuse
me for over 1 plus 16x squared and again
this is f prime of X and remember they
wants to find f prime of 1 fourth so
we're going to plug it 14 so f prime of
1 4th is equal to 4 over 1 plus 16 times
one fourth quantity squared which is
equal to 4 over 1 plus 16 times 1 over
16 x 116 is just one so that gives us 4
over 1 plus 1 which is equal to 4 over 2
which is the same thing as just two that
is answer d